Example styles for new version (#293)
ramensoftware/windows-11-taskbar-styling-guide: README.md

[The Windows 11 notification center styling
guide](https://github.com/ramensoftware/windows-11-notification-center-styling-guide/blob/main/README.md).

> ### Supported Processes

Reviewer: Using the word "processes" here is not correct and can be confusing, they all share the same process (explorer.exe). We can use "threads", but that can be too technical for the general audience. How about "targets"?

Also keep titles in lower case for consistency.

Reviewer: Then how about "components"? That's what I used in the changelog.

> As of version 1.5 of the Taskbar Styler, all Explorer threads are handled. This means that the following processes can be styled along with the taskbar:

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
As of version 1.5 of Windows 11 Taskbar Styler, the following targets can be styled along with the taskbar:
```

Visibility=Collapsed
```

## Alt+Tab

### Alt+Tab background

Target:
```
Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Grid#ModalRootGrid > Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Border#BackgroundElement
```
Style:
```
Background=<color>
```

## Task view

### Task view background

Target:
```
Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Border#BackgroundDimmingLayer
```
Style:
```
Background=<color>
```

> ### Hide virtual desktops

Reviewer: What about the tooltip that pops up when desktops are switched? Is it easy to hide as well? I saw it being requested multiple times.

Reviewer: The rest looks good. LMK if you'd like me to wait for it, or if you'd rather submit it separately.

Target:
```
WindowsInternal.ComposableShell.Experiences.Switcher.VirtualDesktopBarElement#VirtualDesktopBar
```
Style:
```
Visibility=Collapsed
```

> ## Volume Popup

Reviewer: Switch to lower case (in TOC too).
